DATA, INFORMATION AND KNOWLEDGE
Relational Data
  ia.
    -Data, is the raw bits of information that has no context. Data can be numerical or descriptive.
    -Information, is data, but with context, so we can understand what values or things we are being informed of
    -Knowledge, is the consumtion of information, and with that consumed knowledge, it can be used to make decisions or actions.
    
  ia2.
      1. The primary key would be the customer ID. This is because the ID uniuqily identifies that row in the table. 
      2.The two tables would be related via the customer phone number. This is the only thing that is in both tables. 
      3.The foriegn key would be the customer phone number. The order table would record what phone number is calling it, and the cutomer table would have the customer phone number.
      
  ia3.
      By defining each data type of a field, it defines what kind of data is allowed into it; an example would be if the data must be whole numbers, it won't allow intigers into it. It allows what actions are preformed in it and stops not allowed actions.
 
 Big Data
  ia. 
    volume- How much space we have to store that data and how big that data is
    variety- There is different types of data that can be stored
    velocity- The frequency of the incoming data that needs processed
    veracity- The trustworthyness of the data/can that data be represented

  ib. Technology that has increased the use of "big data" are the credit cards, cell phones, and computers. All of these inventions increases the amount of data being made or used, so it creates more data the more users there are.
 
Structured Query Language
  
 ia.  The purpose of SQL is to allow the user to access and manipulate their data. A Relational database management system (RDBMS) is the basis of SQL.
 
 ib.
    Table 1 (Employees and orders) The relationship between the two is that the employees input the order, and what employee input the order is recorded in the order column. The primary key is the customer ID. The forgign key is the employe ID, because it was in both the employee and order column.
    Table 2 (Product and catagories) The Primary key would be the Product ID, and the forign ID would be the catagory ID. The relationship between the two is that the product catagorizes the orders. 

ic.

SQL Injections 
 ia. Is the most common way that hackers destroy data bases, and are the most common web hacking techniques. The best way to fight this would be to ensure the security of your website. There can be flaws in there that will allow a hacker to inject him/her self into your web, and thats not good. 

ETHICAL AND LEGAL IMPLICATIONS
Code of Ethics
  ia. The code of ethics is to put a set of moral codes that defines the acceptable behaviors that are allowed; an example of this would mean not programming machines to kill humans. ACM is a 24 set of rules that lay down responsibilities that profesionals must do when making or programing machinery. 
  
  ia2. The difference between the "Code of Ethics" and "AUP" (acceptable use policies), is that breaking the code of ethics is not technecally illegal, this means it more of a moral thing to not do, so hackers could break them and have nothing happen to them. While if they broke the AUP, their punishment would be that they would lose access to that "resource".
  
  ia3: For the Snapchat "terms of service" or AUP, who is allowed to use it is a very wierd thing. The rule states that the user cannot be under the age of 13, cannot be a sexual offender, and that the law will allow you to have an account. This is odd to me because they have no way of verifying who is really accessing the account. I think that snapchat should have the person take a proper photo of themselves to confirm weather or not they are a sex offender or other kind of criminal.
 
Intellectual Property

  ib. WIPO (World Intellectual Property Organization) are a self funded agency of the United Nations. They are attempting to keep a balance accross the world of technological IP. They are important becasue without WIPO, the world might not be all caught up and on the same page. 
  
  ib2. Copyrights, are benifitial because they are how people can ensure that their work cannot be copied, and that if their work proves to be really good, they have the proof that says it's theirs. I should probaly copyright the svg image I made because it just might become useful, and I can cash out on it; will that happen, probaly not, but if it does, I should get a copyright on it.
   
  ib3. A trademark, is a recognizable symbole or sign, or something that clarifies what it is; an example of this would be the coca cola logo, or pepsi, or the nike symbole. Trademarks are what allow IPs to have recongnizeable signs that no one else can take. 
  
Information Collection
  ic. 
    COPPA – Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act- The act that prevents the collection of data on users 13 and under
    FERPA – Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act- Prevents disclosure of grades or behavior or personal information to anyone other than the parent or guardian.
    HIPAA – Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
